Update VALIDATOR_JOINING_GUIDE.md (#417)
cosmos/testnets: replicated-security/VALIDATOR_JOINING_GUIDE.md

On the consumer chain, a validator's activity is identified by the private validator key used to sign blocks. There are two mutually exclusive methods for connecting activity on a consumer chain back to a provider.

### Option One: Reuse your private validator key

Within the machine running the provider node, this key is found at `~/.gaia/config/priv_validator_key.json`.

Copy the contents of this file into a new file on the machine hosting the consumer chain, at `~/.$CONSUMER_BINARY/config/priv_validator_key.json`. Upon start, the consumer chain should begin signing blocks with the same validator key as present on the provider.

Your validator is ready to sign blocks when you can see it returned in:

```sh
$CONSUMER_BINARY query tendermint-validator-set | grep "$($CONSUMER_BINARY tendermint show-address)"
```

### Option Two: Use key delegation

If you do not wish to reuse the private validator key from your provider chain, an alternative method is to use multiple keys managed by the Key Assignment feature.

Read up on how to use [Key Assignment](https://github.com/cosmos/interchain-security/blob/main/docs/docs/features/key-assignment.md).

> ⚠️ The `AssignConsumerKey` transaction **must be sent to the provider chain before the consumer chain's spawn time**. This ensures that the keys to be used by the consumer chains are recorded as part of the state in the genesis file. If the consumer chain ID is known prior to the on-chain proposal, this transaction can be sent before the proposal goes on-chain.
> 
> ⚠️ If the `AssignConsumerKey` transaction is not sent before spawn time, the next best time to send it is **after the relayer between the consumer chain and provider chain is established**, i.e. when interchain security is reached. If consumer keys are assigned before the relayer is online, there is a risk that unsigned blocks will be produced; in other words, your validator may miss blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ The `AssignConsumerKey` transaction **must be sent to the provider chain before the consumer chain's spawn time** if you want to start signing blocks as soon as the chain starts. This ensures that the key to be used by that consumer chain is recorded as part of the state in the genesis file. If the consumer chain ID is known prior to the on-chain proposal, this transaction can be sent before the proposal goes on-chain.

⚠️ If the `AssignConsumerKey` transaction is sent after spawn time, the key will not be assigned until the consumer chain is interchain secured (i.e., after the chain starts and the relayer sets up a Cross-Chain Validation channel). This means your validator may miss all blocks produced before then.

⚠️ The `AssignConsumerKey` transaction can be sent after the consumer chain is interchain secured.
```
